OSDOCS-17170 zero-trust pre-migration work (#104736)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/zero_trust_workload_identity_manager/zero-trust-manager-oidc-federation.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Configure {zero-trust-full} to act as an OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider through the SPIRE server. This integration allows workloads to receive verifiable JSON Web Tokens (JWT-SVIDs) and allows external systems, such as cloud providers, to retrieve public keys from the discovery endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your workloads can receive verifiable JSON Web Tokens (JWT-SVIDs) and allow external systems, such as cloud providers, to retrieve public keys from the discovery endpoint. Configure {zero-trust-full} to act as an OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider through the SPIRE server. 
```

Author: Done
